test_runner: introduces a new MockTimers API (#47775)
nodejs/node: doc/api/test.md

  assert.strictEqual(call.this, number);
});
```

> ## Mocking Timers

Reviewer: Its fake timers under the mock module, the timers aren't really mocking anything afaiu?

});
```

### Timers

Mocking timers is a technique commonly used in software testing to simulate and
control the behavior of timers, such as `setInterval` and `setTimeout`,
without actually waiting for the specified time intervals.

> Look at [`MockTimers`][] class to check out all methods
> and supported features from this API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to the [`MockTimers`][] class for a full list of methods and features.
```

This allows developers to write more reliable and
predictable tests for time-dependent functionality.

The example below shows how to mock `setTimeout`.
Using `.enable(['setTimeout']);`

> it'll mock the `setTimeout` from both [node:timers](./timers.md),
> [node:timers/promises](./timers.md#timers-promises-api) modules,
> and from the Node.js global context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it will mock the `setTimeout` functions in the [node:timers](./timers.md) and
[node:timers/promises](./timers.md#timers-promises-api) modules,
as well as from the Node.js global context.
```

```mjs
import assert from 'node:assert';
import { mock, test } from 'node:test';

test('mocks setTimeout to be executed synchronously without having to actually wait for it', () => {
  const fn = mock.fn();

  // Optionally choose what to mock
  mock.timers.enable(['setTimeout']);
  setTimeout(fn, 9999);
  assert.strictEqual(fn.mock.callCount(), 0);

  // Advance in time
  mock.timers.tick(9999);
  assert.strictEqual(fn.mock.callCount(), 1);

  // Reset the globally tracked mocks.
  mock.timers.reset();

>   // If you call reset mock instance, it'll also reset timers instance

Reviewer 2: Not quite sure what the comment means

```suggestion
  // If you call reset mock instance, it will also reset timers instance
```

  mock.reset();
});
```

```js
const assert = require('node:assert');
const { mock, test } = require('node:test');

test('mocks setTimeout to be executed synchronously without having to actually wait for it', () => {
  const fn = mock.fn();

  // Optionally choose what to mock
  mock.timers.enable(['setTimeout']);
  setTimeout(fn, 9999);
  assert.strictEqual(fn.mock.callCount(), 0);

  // Advance in time
  mock.timers.tick(9999);
  assert.strictEqual(fn.mock.callCount(), 1);

  // Reset the globally tracked mocks.
  mock.timers.reset();

  // If you call reset mock instance, it'll also reset timers instance
  mock.reset();
});
```

> The same mocking functionality is also exposed in the mock object on [`TestContext`][] object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The same mocking functionality is also exposed in the mock property on the [`TestContext`][] object
```

This function is syntax sugar for [`MockTracker.method`][] with `options.setter`
set to `true`.

## Class: `MockTimers`

<!-- YAML
added:
  - REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

Mocking timers is a technique commonly used in software testing to simulate and
control the behavior of timers, such as `setInterval` and `setTimeout`,
without actually waiting for the specified time intervals.

> The [`MockTracker`][] provides a top level `timers` export

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [`MockTracker`][] provides a top-level `timers` export
```

> which is a MockTimers instance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which is a `MockTimers` instance.
```

> ### `timers.enable([,timers])`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `timers.enable([timers])`
```

<!-- YAML
added:
  - REPLACEME
-->

Enables timer mocking for the specified timers.

* `timers` {Array} An optional array containing the timers to mock.
  The currently supported timer values are `'setInterval'` and `'setTimeout'`.
  If no array is provided, all timers (`'setInterval'`, `'clearInterval'`, `'setTimeout'`,

>   and `'clearTimeout'`) will be mocked by default.

Reviewer 2: This is somewhat ambiguous. Any default value should be a supported value.

Author: I think I didn't get it. Would you give more details?

Reviewer 2: It says that the currently supported values are only `'setInterval'` and `'setTimeout'`, but the next sentence then says that by default, `'clear*'` will be mocked, too.

  context.mock.timers.tick(9999);

  assert.strictEqual(fn.mock.callCount(), 1);
});
```

Alternativelly, the `.tick` function can be called many times

```mjs
import assert from 'node:assert';
import { test } from 'node:test';

test('mocks setTimeout to be executed synchronously without having to actually wait for it', (context) => {
  const fn = context.mock.fn();
  context.mock.timers.enable(['setTimeout']);
  const nineSecs = 9000;
  setTimeout(fn, nineSecs);

  const twoSeconds = 3000;
  context.mock.timers.tick(twoSeconds);
  context.mock.timers.tick(twoSeconds);
  context.mock.timers.tick(twoSeconds);

  assert.strictEqual(fn.mock.callCount(), 1);
});
```

```js
const assert = require('node:assert');
const { test } = require('node:test');

test('mocks setTimeout to be executed synchronously without having to actually wait for it', (context) => {
  const fn = context.mock.fn();
  context.mock.timers.enable(['setTimeout']);
  const nineSecs = 9000;
  setTimeout(fn, nineSecs);

  const twoSeconds = 3000;
  context.mock.timers.tick(twoSeconds);
  context.mock.timers.tick(twoSeconds);
  context.mock.timers.tick(twoSeconds);

  assert.strictEqual(fn.mock.callCount(), 1);
});
```

> #### Using Clear functions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Using clear functions
```

> As mentioned, all clear functions from timers (clearTimeout and clearInterval)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As mentioned, all clear functions from timers (`clearTimeout` and `clearInterval`)
```

> are implicity mocked.Take a look at this example using `setTimeout`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are implicity mocked. Take a look at this example using `setTimeout`:
```

  context.mock.timers.enable(['setTimeout']);
  const id = setTimeout(fn, 9999);

  // Implicity mocked as well
  clearTimeout(id);
  context.mock.timers.tick(9999);

  // As that setTimeout was cleared the mock function will never be called
  assert.strictEqual(fn.mock.callCount(), 0);
});
```

```js
const assert = require('node:assert');
const { test } = require('node:test');

test('mocks setTimeout to be executed synchronously without having to actually wait for it', (context) => {
  const fn = context.mock.fn();

  // Optionally choose what to mock
  context.mock.timers.enable(['setTimeout']);
  const id = setTimeout(fn, 9999);

  // Implicity mocked as well
  clearTimeout(id);
  context.mock.timers.tick(9999);

  // As that setTimeout was cleared the mock function will never be called
  assert.strictEqual(fn.mock.callCount(), 0);
});
```

#### Working with Node.js timers modules

Once you enable mocking timers, [node:timers](./timers.md),
[node:timers/promises](./timers.md#timers-promises-api) modules,
and timers from the Node.js global context are enabled:

```mjs
import assert from 'node:assert';
import { test } from 'node:test';
import nodeTimers from 'node:timers';

> import nodeTimersPromises from 'node:timers/promises';

Reviewer 2: I assume this simplistic approach will suddenly fail when destructuring is used? If so, there should be warnings in the docs.

Author: Yes! You meat adding just a Note on the docs?

Author: just added it. Lmk if it's what you meant. https://github.com/nodejs/node/commit/0424bf5ebaa809a98a2bcf4833dae66e5be7f43f

  assert.strictEqual(nodeTimerSpy.mock.callCount(), 1);
  await promise;
  assert.strictEqual(nodeTimerPromiseSpy.mock.callCount(), 1);
});
```

```js
const assert = require('node:assert');
const { test } = require('node:test');
const nodeTimers = require('node:timers');
const nodeTimersPromises = require('node:timers/promises');

test('mocks setTimeout to be executed synchronously without having to actually wait for it', async (context) => {
  const globalTimeoutObjectSpy = context.mock.fn();
  const nodeTimerSpy = context.mock.fn();
  const nodeTimerPromiseSpy = context.mock.fn();

  // Optionally choose what to mock
  context.mock.timers.enable(['setTimeout']);
  setTimeout(globalTimeoutObjectSpy, 9999);
  nodeTimers.setTimeout(nodeTimerSpy, 9999);

  const promise = nodeTimersPromises.setTimeout(9999).then(nodeTimerPromiseSpy);

  // Advance in time
  context.mock.timers.tick(9999);
  assert.strictEqual(globalTimeoutObjectSpy.mock.callCount(), 1);
  assert.strictEqual(nodeTimerSpy.mock.callCount(), 1);
  await promise;
  assert.strictEqual(nodeTimerPromiseSpy.mock.callCount(), 1);
});
```

In Node.js, `setInterval` from [node:timers/promises](./timers.md#timers-promises-api)

> is a Async Gerator and is also supported by this API:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is an `AsyncGenerator` and is also supported by this API:
```
